Improves the "How to" docs. (#34)
canonical/charmed-5g: docs/reference/index.md

````{tab-item} Single site deployment

Use the `sdcore` bundle to deploy a standalone 5G core network.

> This bundle contains the Control Plane Functions, the Use Plane Function, the WebUI for configuration and the Grafana Agent to integrate with the Observability stack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bundle contains the 5G control plane functions, the UPF, Webui and Grafana Agent.
```

Author: ✅
